c:\users\mourya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTac\TicTac\bin\Debug\TicTac.exe.config
c:\users\mourya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTac\TicTac\bin\Debug\TicTac.exe
c:\users\mourya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTac\TicTac\bin\Debug\TicTac.pdb
c:\users\mourya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTac\TicTac\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\mourya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTac\TicTac\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\mourya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTac\TicTac\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mourya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTac\TicTac\obj\Debug\TicTac_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\mourya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTac\TicTac\obj\Debug\TicTac.g.resources
c:\users\mourya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTac\TicTac\obj\Debug\TicTac.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mourya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTac\TicTac\obj\Debug\TicTac.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mourya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTac\TicTac\obj\Debug\TicTac.exe
c:\users\mourya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTac\TicTac\obj\Debug\TicTac.pdb
c:\users\mourya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTac\TicTac\obj\Debug\Comment.baml
c:\users\mourya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTac\TicTac\obj\Debug\Email.baml
c:\users\mourya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTac\TicTac\obj\Debug\Login.baml
c:\users\mourya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTac\TicTac\obj\Debug\Match.baml
c:\users\mourya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTac\TicTac\obj\Debug\Stats.baml
c:\users\mourya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTac\TicTac\obj\Debug\Comment.g.cs
c:\users\mourya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTac\TicTac\obj\Debug\Email.g.cs
c:\users\mourya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTac\TicTac\obj\Debug\Login.g.cs
c:\users\mourya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTac\TicTac\obj\Debug\Match.g.cs
c:\users\mourya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTac\TicTac\obj\Debug\Stats.g.cs
c:\users\mourya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTac\TicTac\obj\Debug\Register.baml
c:\users\mourya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTac\TicTac\obj\Debug\Register.g.cs
C:\Users\mourya\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicTac\TicTac\obj\Debug\TicTac.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
